# First Signals from Dev Community

> see [communication-management/issues/111](https://github.com/blindnet-io/communication-management/issues/111)

## Direct Feedback

### Big Corps Still Need Guidance

Even when a big company _has_ a security/privacy expertise team, some other teams might not have access to it, and can still therefore benefits from using our tools.

### Identity management

Identity and privacy are strongly linked. Especially in a context where cross-referring data between a wide variety of context allow inferring very personal information.

The "v1" approach (i.e. identifying a submitter only by a unique id linked to one data collection) _does_ make a lot of sense in this context.

However, there are still two issues with this approach:

1. Privateform relies heavily on email address for RGPD rights management, which can't be considered a secured solution, as it can be easily stolen
2. no real solution is provided to help submitters to easily manage the private information they submitted

Users (and especially developers) focus a lot on solution easing identity management, as ease of use stay, for now, more important than actual trust.
And using emails reduce trust.

### Certifications / Convincing Managers

Most middle-sized and big companies still relies on certifications to determine which infosec solution to choose.

As a consequence, developers and architects expect the solutions they like to have these certifications, as they expect their managers to not even consider the solution otherwise.

When they can't find such certifications, some developers say they won't even bother testing the solution.

## Indirect Feedback / Assumptions

> TBD
